Update Rizin book to rizin 0.7.3 usage (#130)
rizinorg/book: src/analysis/code_analysis.md

│       │   0x00001254      mov   rdx, qword [var_30h]
│       │   0x00001258      mov   rax, qword [var_10h]
│       │   0x0000125c      mov   rsi, rdx
│       │   0x0000125f      mov   rdi, rax
│       │   0x00001262      call  sym.imp.strcpy                       ; sym.imp.strcpy ; char *strcpy(char *dest, const char *src)
│       │   0x00001267      mov   rdx, qword [var_28h]
│       │   0x0000126b      mov   rax, qword [var_10h]
│       │   0x0000126f      mov   rsi, rdx
│       │   0x00001272      mov   rdi, rax
│       │   0x00001275      call  sym.imp.strcat                       ; sym.imp.strcat ; char *strcat(char *s1, const char *s2)
│       │   0x0000127a      mov   rax, qword [var_10h]
│       │   0x0000127e      mov   rdi, rax
│       │   0x00001281      call  sym.imp.puts                         ; sym.imp.puts ; int puts(const char *s)
│       │   0x00001286      mov   rax, qword [var_10h]
│       │   0x0000128a      mov   rdi, rax
│       │   0x0000128d      call  sym.imp.free                         ; sym.imp.free ; void free(void *ptr)
│       └─> 0x00001292      mov   eax, 0
│           0x00001297      leave
└           0x00001298      ret
```

> In this example, we analyze the whole file (`aa`) and then print disassembly of the `main()` function (`pdf`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we analyze the whole file (via `aa`) and then print disassembly of the `main()` function (via `pdf`).
```

The `aa` command belongs to the family of auto analysis commands and performs only the most basic
auto analysis steps. In Rizin there are many different types of auto analysis commands with a
different analysis depth, including partial emulation: `aa`, `aaa`, `aab`, `aaaa`, ...
There is also a mapping of those commands to the rizin CLI options: `rizin -A`, `rizin -AA`, and so on.

It is common sense that completely automated analysis can produce non sequitur results, thus
Rizin provides separate commands for the particular stages of the analysis allowing fine-grained
control of the analysis process. Moreover, there is a treasure trove of configuration variables

> for controlling the analysis outcomes. You can find them in `analysis.*` and `emu.*`
> cfg variables' namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for controlling the analysis outcomes. You can find them via command `el` under `analysis.*` and `emu.*`
variables namespaces.
```

entry-points. If the binary is stripped, using advance automated analysis `aaa` will be necessary; advanced analysis
steps can be invoked manually with commands like `aab`, `aar`, or `aac`.

Take some time to understand what each command does and the results after running them to find the best one for
your needs.

Let's analyse simple [hello_world](https://github.com/rizinorg/book/tree/master/examples/hello_world) program:

```
[0x00001100]> aa
[x] Analyze all flags starting with sym. and entry0 (aa)

[0x00001100]> pdf @ main
            ; DATA XREF from entry0 @ 0x1118
┌ int main(int argc, char **argv, char **envp);
│           ; arg int argc @ rdi
│           ; arg char **argv @ rsi
│           ; var int64_t var_48h @ stack - 0x48
│           ; var int64_t var_3ch @ stack - 0x3c
│           ; var int64_t var_30h @ stack - 0x30
│           ; var int64_t var_28h @ stack - 0x28
│           ; var int64_t var_20h @ stack - 0x20
│           ; var int64_t var_18h @ stack - 0x18
│           ; var int64_t var_10h @ stack - 0x10
│           0x000011e9      endbr64
│           0x000011ed      push  rbp
│           0x000011ee      mov   rbp, rsp

> │           0x000011f1      sub   rsp, 0x40

Reviewer: same here, no utf8

| afb[?]                  # Basic blocks commands
| afB <bits>              # Set asm.bits for the current function
| afs[jb!r]               # Function signatures commands
| afo[j]                  # Show address of current function
| afu <addr>              # Resize and analyze function from current address until addr
| afx[j]                  # List function references
| afS <size>              # Set stack frame size for function at current address
| afv<?>                  # Manipulate arguments/variables in a function
| afl[?]                  # List functions
| afi[j*is]               # Show/edit function information
| afn[as]                 # Analyze function names
| aft                     # Type matching analysis for the function in current seek
| afM                     # Print functions map
| afm <addr>              # Merge two functions
| afc[lor]                # Calling convention
| afd                     # Show function + delta for given offset
```

You can use `afl` to list the functions found by the analysis.

There are a lot of useful commands under `afl` such as `aflj`, which lists the function in JSON format and `aflm`,

> which lists the functions in the syntax found in makefiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which lists the functions in the syntax found in makefiles.
```
```suggestion
which lists the functions by name.
```

            0x0800005c      c3             ret

```

Our goal is to handcraft a function with the following structure

![analyze_one](analyze_one.png)

Create a function at 0x8000034 named code_block:

```
[0x8000034]> af+ 0x8000034 code_block
```

In most cases, we use jump or call instructions as code block boundaries. So the range of first block is from
`0x08000034 push ebp` to `0x08000048 jmp 0x8000052`. Use `afb+` command to add it.

```
[0x08000034]> afb+ code_block 0x8000034 0x800004a-0x8000034 0x8000052
```

Note that the basic syntax of `afb+` is `afb+ function_address block_address block_size [jump] [fail]`.
The final instruction of this block points to a new address (jmp 0x8000052), thus we add the address of jump target
(0x8000052) to reflect the jump info.

The next block (0x08000052 ~ 0x08000056) is more likely an if conditional statement which has two branches. It will

> jump to 0x800004a if `jle-less or equal`, otherwise (the fail condition) jump to next instruction - 0x08000058:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jump to 0x800004a if `less or equal`, otherwise (the fail condition) jump to next instruction - 0x08000058:
```

(nofunc) 0x17838 [CODE] jae str.02x
```

There are also some useful commands under `axt`. Use `axtg` to generate rizin commands which will help you to create
graphs according to the XREFs.

```
[0x08048320]> s main
[0x080483e0]> axtg
agn 0x1118 "entry0 + 24"
agn 0x11e9 "main"

> age 0x1118 0x11e9

Reviewer: these changes are a bit weird, because the address shown is `0x08048320` and `0x080483e0` but `axtg` shows `0x1118`

- `analysis.limits` - enables the range limits for analysis operations
- `analysis.from` - starting address of the limit range
- `analysis.to` - the corresponding end of the limit range
- `analysis.in` - specify search boundaries for analysis. You can set it to `io.maps`, `io.sections.exec`, `dbg.maps`
  and many more. For example:

>   - To analyze a specific memory map with `analysis.from` and `analysis.to`, set `analysis.in = dbg.maps`.

Reviewer: it should be `analysis.in=dbg.maps` (no spaces)

  - To analyze in the boundaries set by `analysis.from` and `analysis.to`, set `analysis.in=range`.
  - To analyze in the current mapped segment or section, you can put `analysis.in=bin.segment` or
    `analysis.in=bin.section`, respectively.
  - To analyze in the current memory map, specify `analysis.in=dbg.map`.
  - To analyze in the stack or heap, you can set `analysis.in=dbg.stack` or `analysis.in=dbg.heap`.
  - To analyze in the current function or basic block, you can specify `analysis.in=analysis.fcn` or
    `analysis.in=analysis.bb`.

Please see `e analysis.in=??` for the complete list.

### Jump tables

Jump tables are one of the trickiest targets in binary reverse engineering. There are hundreds
of different types, the end result depending on the compiler/linker and LTO stages of optimization.
Thus, Rizin allows enabling some experimental jump tables detection algorithms using `analysis.jmp.tbl`
option. Eventually, algorithms moved into the default analysis loops once they start to work on
every supported platform/target/test-case.

> Two more options can affanaect the jump tables analysis results too:

Reviewer: ?????? revert this/
